Welcome to this bonus section for the course.
In this section of the course, I'll go through the steps needed to use Microsoft Visual Studio code
or VS Code for short with C++ and with the projects used in this course.
Vsco has become a very popular ID over the past few years.
It's a microsoft product that's free, built on open source.
It's cross-platform and supports Windows Mac OS ten and Linux, and it's also cross language.
It supports C++, Java, Python, JavaScript, and many, many other programming languages.
It's fast, it's small, and it's very powerful.
It's also very extensible via extensions that we can install and customize.
So is it easy to use?
Yes and no.
It's easy to use once you set it up.
And that's the purpose of this section, to walk you through the setup for C plus.
Plus, you'll see a lot of different ways to set up Visual Studio code out on the Internet.
Some of them are okay, some of them are not okay.
Some of them use a lot of extensions unnecessarily.
I'm going to keep it as barebones as I can so that we can we can get up and running with C++ and VS
code pretty quickly.
So what we'll do in this section is we'll go through the procedure needed to install and configure VTS
code so that it works with plus.
Well then set up a folder structure so that we can organize our projects and let us easily work with
multiple projects.
Then I'll show you how to build, run and debug your own C++ programs as well as the projects provided
with the source code for this course.
All in Visual Studio code.
Now this section contains videos for Windows Mac OS ten and Linux.
You'll most likely just watch the videos that pertain to your specific operating system, but feel free
to watch them all if you like.
So let's get started.
First up, let's get started with Microsoft Windows.